Resume
Skilled IT professional with 5 years of experience, with Proven track record of successes in team
development and customer relationship management. A good Hands-on multiple aspect like problem
definition and solving, coding, debugging, code refactoring, testing and documentation. Consistently followed
industry’s best practices and organization standards to maintain quality and ensure the success of project.
This resume is made with Jobseeker.com.
Personal details
Name SHER ALI KHAN
Email address ksherkhan12345@gmail.com
Phone number 7676462869
Address HSR Layout, 560047 Bengaluru
Date of birth July 13, 1996
Gender Male
Nationality Indian
LinkedIn linkedin.com/in/sher-khan-5b6279198
Education
Mar 2012 SSLC
Mary Gold High School, Bengaluru
Jul 2013 - Apr 2015 PUC
Reddy Jana Sangha, Bengaluru
Jun 2015 - Apr 2018 BCA
Shri Gnanmbica, Bengaluru
Employment
Aug 2018 - Jul 2021 IT Analyst
TATA CONSULTANCY SERVICES, Bengaluru
Client: SHELL
Job Roles and Responsibilities:
Working as a Developer in Build team and implemented the business proposed
functionalities before closure of the sprint and closely worked with other scrum
teams to organize the team sync calls and successfully closing the sprint with
99% SLA with minimal backlog items. • Manual Testing of the Code against the
proposed requirement and involving writing of test cases for different areas and
executing them as per the given schedule before moving JIRA to QA. • Working
on SAP Harmony, Callidus CPQ. • Implementing production ready business
solutions and enhancing APIs. • Data Collection using SQL. • Conducting code
review and using git and GitHub for code management. • Have in depth
knowledge in UI development tech stack and frameworks such as HTML, CSS,
Bootstrap, JavaScript and jQuery, JSP, JSON.
This resume is made with Jobseeker.com.
Aug 2021 - 2023 Sr System Engineer
COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGIES SERVICES, Bengaluru
Client: Merck
Role and Responsibilities:
Provide data security support to Global clients through different channels like
web lock, chat, email and phone.
Maintain procedural documents and reports
Provide thorough support and problem resolution to customers with issues
related to device unlock, pin reset, hard reset, troubleshooting, add to
directories, secure access to external sites, and keeping the data safe.
Will work on remote assistance to Installing the 3rd party Application to the
client laptop with the help of Admin Credential.
Tools are used like, Active roles, Splunk, ADIM, SAS, IDP and IMS
Skills
Programming Language: Python [Iron Python, Django], Java
Other familiar technologies: Springboot, JSP, HTML5, JavaScript, Jquery, Ajax, Bootstrap, CSS.
Web Service: REST
IDE: Eclipse, VS Code, Jupyter
Database: SQL, PLSQL, MySQL
CI/CD Tools: Jenkins
Languages
English, Hindi, Kannada, Tamil, and
Telugu.
Fluent
Hobbies
Travelling, Cricket, Cooking.
Courses
Sep 2021 AWS, Linux and DevOps
Projects:
Client is one the leading best in class ERP solution provider in the world, that
develops enterprise software to manage business operations and customer
relations. And with the help of one of its software solutions which is SAP CPQ
[Configure Price Quote] is a sales solution that allows you to configure products
and services, manage complex pricing structures, and automate the quote and
proposal process
Achievements
Awarded with the best Student of the Year in the year 2016-2017.
Awarded with President Scholarship for three years in a row for exceptional performance.
Awarded as an employee of the Month, September 2019. At (TCS)
Awarded as an employee of the Month, August 2022 at (CTS)
This resume is made with Jobseeker.com.
Awarded as an employee of the Month, December 2022 at (CTS)
ACADEMIC PROJECTS:
Car Showroom Management System
Environment Microsoft Visual Basic 6.0
Database Oracle 10g
Duration: 6 months
Description: Car Service is a completely automated fully integrated Car Showroom management software. It covered all
the areas required by an automobile dealer including Vehicle sales, Spares parts Inventory management,
Workshop/Service Station Management, and Financial Accounting.
Responsibilities:
Analyzed requirements, designed, developed, implemented and tested modules which mainly focused on:
Product management
Customer management
Sales
Handling complaints and reports
Title My Tube Management
Environment Visual Studio .Net Database SQL Server
Duration: 6 months
Description: My Tube management is a windows-based application that allows users to create and manage their own
video streaming channels. This system provided automated database management & transactions.
Responsibilities:
Analyzed requirements, designed, developed, implemented and tested modules which mainly focused on:
Providing database security
Providing functionality to store member information, videos, product information, feedback and receipts.
Providing search and advanced search facilities for searching the records efficiently.
Providing data storage & report generation functionality using graphical user interface (GUI).
Declaration:
I SHER ALI KHAN, hereby declare that above furnished data are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
